I'm going to record an interview that I'm doing with Gene Ellison here in just a couple minutes. 256480 8355 All right, worthy. I am. Enough. Hi. You've reached. Hello. Hey, Jean, what's up? Hi. I looked at my phone just said, "Nley." I was like, "Notley." back in college days again. Yeah., yep, yep. Look, am I late for practice? What is it? No. No, no.. We'd be calling you Mike. That is true. That is true. You have a good memory. I'm a little embarrassed that that's stuck with you. No. Uh-huh. No, no, no, no, no. Please don't be embarrassed. I was a sketchball, for sure. Oh, you. Well, I grew up. I grew up. We'll put it that way. I don't remember you being a sketchball at all. I just used to think that was so fun and fun. It was entertaining. It was fun. It made it fun. Oh, my gosh. You've been busy. I keep up with you a little bit on Facebook. I haven't been on very much lately, but are you still still doing stuff with JSU? I know you were doing the encore. No. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't see anything about that. I That's what I was curious about because that was kind of the last It was things we were released. The dream job, just wrong timing, Maverick was still like, two years old. Oh, oh, well. Yeah. And then the pandemic half happened. Oh, my God, yeah. I was. literally hired like, three months before the pandemic happened, I had to teach through, like, yeah. Oh, God. Bl. Well, that was a while ago. I'm a little, I'm a alive. was a lot. That came to my mind, but, jeez, the pandemic seems feels like a lifetime ago. Mine now. Oh,. Yeah. I know. Well, how is Maverick and how are the kids doing? And Steve? They're good. Steve's good. Steve's going into like year 14 or 15 of teaching. Oh, my God. He's a hero. teaching. I know. Somebody had to do it. Hallelujah. Oh, yeah, yeah. Right. Someone had to do it. I Ooh, I tried. It was not, I did four years. I mean, I taught. Anyways, yeah. Maverick is 7 now. Kingston is 11. Mm hmm. Well. Kingston has been, uh. gift playing for this pre MLS team in Birmingham and they both play travel soccer in P City and Steve Coaches P City one too. Wow. Wow. That's awesome. Oh, you guys are crushing his parents. I love seeing the pictures. Oh, you guys too. What? Are you kidding me? You? Yeah. I know you're calling about me, but I'm proud of y' too. I mean, are y'all I hadn't y'all since. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's it's been a hell of a year. Yeah, yeah. Heather and I both had health stuff.. And I had a, I had, you know, I think the last time I bumped into you, I was pretty like, obviously not doing well, unfortunately. And yeah, it turned out I ended up getting diagnosed bipolar and it made for a really really rough year, but I didn't know that was going on until after, you know, we were really like doubling down with the flower farm and I quit my job at the church and then stuff just kind of like flew flew off the handle. It was It's been a tough year, but I'm like, I'm stable now and I'm I'm, you know, we''re rebuilding and we moved to Pleasant Valley. Oh, yeah. So we're living next to Heather's parents and just kind of getting stable. Heather's working at the museum now. We miss miss the farm. You know, it There's a lot. It was, it was a lot, and we loved it, and we didn't want it to stop. And so that that's been kind of tough, you know, but life goes on and we're both rebuilding and pivoting now to kids being not homeschooled anymore. And so, yeah. How's that's been not homeschooled anymore? Well, it was, you know, it was tough because that's all Heather did, but the kids are doing great. They're thriving. My oldest, Hannah, she's she's all about the drama. She's 13 and she loves it. So they're doing good. Can I tell you, first of all, welcome to the club, I was diagnosed with panic disorder after having Kingston. Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. I knew, well, I kind of knew after my first teaching job, I kind of, I'd went to a urologist because I was having all these health issues, which stems from anxiety and mental health. You know, we all did this strenuous program at JSCU and, you know, I went out to save the world. I was pumped up. I mean, I was pumped. Same. Went into the classroom, I was going to save every kid and then somehow I really realized life was sad for kids. I' never, I think I had always thought everyone had a good, I guess naive. I just didn't no kids weren't eating or were hungry or the parents weren't home and I didn't know that.. So as I'm trying to teach choir at seventh grade and this girl's like, yeah, my mom has been gone for three days, so I'm trying to, we hadn't, you know, I had to give my siblings food, so I hadn't had any food. Well, I can't teach choir. someone's hungry. Lord, I know, wow. So I got so, I feel too deeply and I got so overwhelmed, Matt, that I just, oh my God, I started, anyways, health issues went to a urologist, and he's like, I said, whatever told you you had anxiety? I'm like, not really. He's like, I want to start you on some that event. Because I was a mess. I mean, like, I was I had to convinced myself of all of these things. I'm bladder. He was like, you're okay.. Anyways. Yeah. But it was intense. And then after having Kingston, I ended up, um, you know, I played planned everything. We went to college. Right. We went out fasters. Then we had Kingston, you know, Then we. I got a perfect job. I was pregnant with Kingston and got a job at Weaver High School. Oh, yeah yeah, I remember that. Yeah. Yeah, I was it was perfect. I was pregnant. I was gonna have him in July and then start wever right there in August and that's exactly what I did. And let me tell you, when you planned, God last Yeah, right. Yeah. I was a mess. I couldn't leave Kingston. I was. Oh, yeah. The only person who could take care of him, I didn't I had never heard of postpartum anxiety. I've heard of postpartum depression. Mm hmm. Yeah, yeah. I was the other spectrum, which was, no one else can take care of this baby but me. No one can touch him, you want to hold him. What? You're probably gonna kill him with your germs or your hands. Or did you touch something? You're going to give him a brain eating and be my child? I can't let. And then, I would nurse him all day, all night. Steven would say, no baby in this world that hungry Jean. like, He's starving. So I just nurse it. He'd cry, and he'd cry and he'd cry. So anyway, and then I tried to go to school and hadn't slept. Well, then the wall started closing it. Literally, I was in the classroom and I thought I was on a boat. Oh, shit. Yeah. Yeah. I thought I was on a boat, I had to go to the hospital. He's like, haveave you heard of exhaustion, sleep exhaust? I'm like, no, I'm. You know, I'm type A. I've gotten my master. I mean, I don't get exhausted. I'm good. Yeah. Yeah. It's like you've never had a baby before. You can't stay up until 5 a.m. and then leave at 6 to go teach a full day.. And anyway, so I say that to say, life got really tough for us. I ended up, I couldn't go back to work. I was too sick, couldn't walk. And then I just thought I couldn't walk anymore. I like this is Matt, I cannot. It's got to be a musician thing. We're tortured. We're tortured you know. I couldn't walk. I couldn't take care of. I had to call my mom for help. My friend, I was having panic every day. My friend had to I didn't want anyone to see me. I was in the house. No one could see me and my best friend would come over. I didn'ately have a panic.s, don't get near me. She'd come near me. And then shed lay on her back. She said, lay on your back. lay on your back. And I'd lay on my back and she'd talked me through it and thank God she was a newly, you know, new therapist. Oh, wow. So I was probably her first. Yeah. One of her first real cases, but. Oh, man. lay your back. So anyways, through that, though, we lost a lot. I couldn't work. I wasn't bringing an income, So we had repossession and after repossess. I mean, we lost a lot. So I just, I never, ever, ever judge. People had some people have no idea. They just see like, oh, gee Gene, you're doing so great. I'm like, oh, no, no, no, don't you worry. I take my medicine.. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Like, no. I thank God for my medicine to keep me, you know, a little bit together. And that's why I try to put my energy into a lot so that I don't, you know. So anyways, I still have like to say, welcome to the club. Yeah. It's very normal. We are all okay. Medicine does wonders and whether we have to be on it forever or not, we're going to be okay. And so, anyways, ask me for all that, but that's that's how the M started was through my postpartum anxiety, through all that loss. I mean, we had lost, gosh, I had a brand new car, I had a brand new Ultima., brand new push dart, because we both had our masters. We were both teaching, we would bought them, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. God, yeah, like you said, we make plans and God's laughs. Oh, yeah. It was like. That's really cool, though, that you were able to build, you know, from that. Like, I mean, it truly seems like a calling, the music box and that that wouldn't have come out of, you know, that wouldn't happened if it hadn't been for the, Why? It's, no, it's where? Yes, and it took me a long time to realize that.. It was like God was just, because I was just, I just started working. I don't know. It just came to me. I think I saw, like, no income and then I started getting stronger. And then I started, and my best friend was like, "Gene, your legs, do you work? I was like, "I don't think they work. Lisa Gillespie came over.. I didn't want her to see me. And she explained that she had postpartum depression after having William, and you know, they adopted William.. Wow. And she said she was a, like, discussion. She like, Gene, I didn't shower for months. I was madatted. You would have, she was like, Gene, I was a mess, so I get it. And then Dr. Fland came over and held Houston. and I her, she was like, Ireland, you know, used to cry. She's like, Tina, I went through those. She said, Ireland cried for a year straight. And she's like, I mean, her and her husband divorced, you know? Yeah, yeah. And that was a big, she was like, we just, the crying, the crying. And I was just like, so she sat with me in my nursery because I didn't want Matt. I didn't want anyone to see me. And I know Stephen was crying. I get it. What? You know how bubbly and socializing. if anyone's he near my side. Yeah, yeah. I get. I mean, I get the. But, you know, that's irrational. That's just, that's a hormonal thing. Yeah. So Maverick, I just made sure I had medication as soon as I gave birth, I made sure that they had all my meds, and as soon as I started to feel that someone came in to kind of want to hold them and I could start feeling that, give me my baby. I was like, hey, I need to start my regiment. I mean, like literally six hours after having him. I need to start my regiment. Steve was like, yep. And Stephen was like, and this baby will be bottle fed and breastfed. And they were like, oh my God, they tried to guilt me. Well, only because he said, I don't want her up in the middle of the night. when it's my turn, it needs to be my turn. And I was like, thank you, Steve. I love you. But they were like, well, well, he can't sign for the bottles. She has to. He goes, so you're gonna wake her up anyways? Yeah, she has to sign for the bottles.. So I have to get up, eyes closed, sign for the bottle and Steve would feed him the bottle. Then when I'm up and ready, then I would nurse. So that help, you know, just a little anyways, I'm just catching up with you, but, yeah. most people don't know that, you know, I'll see people don't know that. And people probably don't even know that I'm. Well, anyone who ask me knows, I'm like, oh, they're like, do you handle that? Really? You're always so. I'm also, I take my medicine and I hit my CBD p. Yeah, for real, man. Oh my gosh. I hear you. I sure knew. I hear you. My doctor told me to. I sure do. I surely do. You know what? We're doing the best we can, Matt. And so we're, what I do is I'm a sunshine clean, just trying to get in that sun, move my body. Yeah, for real. Right. And stay focused. But yeah, I've lost, you would be, don't don'tall feel any way.. I've had more repossessions and I'd like to even, I's in my prayers. No repossessions, no disconnections. Life is good, but we've lost too. But we've gained. And I know that it was God for sure because I was like, man, I went and got all this education. Golly, I't went back that second semester for Masters and L media. Oh, wow. And that that helped me. It was online and it was a small cohort and it was really cool. And I got all the way to the end and then they wanted me to do like another internship first. I was like, no, you just drop that. drop that. But from that, I got the creative idea of the music box. It was like Mang. I was like King was about 10 months old and I was like, hmm... I could just teach music. I don't have to be in a classroom. Mm hmm. Yeah. And so I just started writing a business plan. That's awesome. But through library media, because guess what? The degree is a lot. I learned so much about media, about slidesh about putting this together, about it was really creative and they don't have any music people in their program. That's why I got accepted. They were like, we only accept two people per semester, but you're you're very interesting, you know, library. So anyways, that was really cool. That was what really propelled me like, into the business plan. That's where I learned about that. And so I put together like a 10 page business plan and I gave it to Stephen. Huh. Yeah. And he like looked at me like.. Oh, wow. Okay. He looked at me like, oh, this is good. Like, okay. Yeah, well, you guys have crushed it. I mean, Wow. Yeah. Well, Matt. You're like, Well, you haven't crushed it. We've been through a lot. I told you that kicked us out in December. We had to move. Out of the original Noble Street spot? Uh-huh. They sold it to somebody. They sold the building right from us. That was devastating.. I thought that was it. I was like, God, is this it? Is this how the music box ends? Yeah. Well. I saw that on the website, but you got a new spot on Noble Street.. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. It's even better. Yeah, we love it. Wow. That's great. We've grown. exponitially grown. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's incredible. Y'all are doing awesome with that. It's been really cool to watch. And so like, you blow me away because you're, I mean, you're an entrepreneur, and that's like, so I'm, I'm, I'm writing these stories because I need to reconnect. You talk about that like Tennessee to want to hide and just disappear when you're going through your stuff. And I've been there. And so like, this is kind of my therapy in a way, I think I'm beginning to realize that, but it's, um.. I just, I was drawn to like how, how resilient and hardworking you are and like, how in the hell do you do it? So, you know, we can talk about music box. We can talk about mom to go. Um, but I, I was kind of curious, like, how you're doing, you know, and you're still doing the treatment. Like, why, why add another thing? Or, you know, if that's something... Well, because kids, because I have two kids that play elite soccer and it costs a lot of money back. I hear you. Yes, Lord Jesus. I don't know. Like, no. And I. feel like I, I needed to. I don't know, a part of me overcompensates because I'm not in the classroom anymore. It took me a long time to realize that I'm not a failure just because I'm not in the classroom. And I used to even dim my light because I was no longer teaching. But then I was like, hey, wait a minute. I did my teaching. I took four years at a thousand different schools, high school, elementary, middle school. And everybody loved, I was the best teacher. They loved me. And then I said, and even when I taught at GSU, they cried when I left. They cried I say Dr. Baptist, that old hag. Well, she was so jealous. They love. Let me tell you. Well, I changed. Well, I changed everything up. I changed, I made us, you know, I made us start wearing those jerseys and Converse. Everyone loved that. Oh, sweet. Everyone in the department wanted one. Dr. Bodford ordered one. Dr. Hon ordered one. Dr. Baptiste ordered one. How cool. They loved it. She loved it, but then like the pandemic happened. So we had to kind of teach teach virtually for a semester. Oh my gosh. So I had them, they had to like submit their parts and they thought that was too different. She thought that was asking for too much um And then when we came back with our masks, um we had to be socially distanced, and that was really difficult to do. A lot of the kids would pass out. Oh, God. Sting in with the mat, you know, we did our performance with a mask on. Yeah, well. But we punched a veard and the show got so good. Oh, we were doing, like, we did Hamilton, we did we it. We were so tight. I had them performing everywhere. I did it for about four, almost four years, I believe. And then she started being like some of the music you're bringing is too difficult. And I was like, the Baptiste, they all meet. They're from the library that you have.. And they meet the standard, well, just these two that feel like they's too difficult. I said, no, I'm just asking them to step up. And then I had her come that afternoon. I said, no, come listen to the song. And she listened. She's like, oh, well, they know it very well. They know it. So whoever's complaining about me, there's something else going on there. So some student was like, she's sarcastic and she's tough, you know, she's hard. It's one or two students. That's the majority of them. I mean, they cried when I left. Dr. Baptiz didn't renew my contract. And I was really good friends with the president of JSCU. He's I'm a country club, well, country club member and he is too. So our kids are friends and I swim with, you know, drink at the pool and all that. So I know him. The new one. Or.. Dr. Man? No, no, no. What's his name? Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Now I can't think of it. I have told you. He's on my. I should know it too, but. I can't think of his name. It's all right. Anyways, yeah, he, um. Oh my gosh. But he was all upset and I said, well, I'm going to tell the president. I said, "You know he's my good friend. She's like, " I know I got an email from him this morning." She was like, "Don't ruin this for me." I said, oh, I said, I will I absolutely will be. because you were supposed to be an ally, and you text me every Friday about how much you like my outfits and where did I get my skirt from, but yet you forgot. to mentor me. You were my mentor. And I told her that. And I was Ryan, I was like, you were my mentor Dr. Baptist. She's like, well, Gene, I tried to warn you about the music. I said, Dr. Baptist, really, is that something to non-rennew a contractor? Well, then I met with her head and her head of the department was like, that's not why you're not. She's like, that position is just no longer available because it's not adjunct anymore. We're looking to either remove the ensemble or add it to someone who's already teaching full time. Well, because I was only making $500 a month and I was there like four days a week. Rehearsals doing scholarships, doing shows, doing outside. Yes. $500 a month. Yeah, yeah. I'm sure it was fun, but that probably fed you a lot. Just that I mean, emotionally, but yeah, that's tough tough to make it work financially, I can imagine. Yeah, then they added and then I didn't know, but I started teaching, when they got me on at JSU. I had two courses and then the next semester I had three courses so then I was there a lot. I was like, wait a minute. Yeah, but if, you know, but then I had Dr. Baptist Oh my, she was just like, she just wanted a puppet. She wanted someone who would do it hurt. Let's do what I tell you to do.. She just didn't want to do show choir anymore, because she wanted to still stay. Oh, yeah. Kind of kitty, kind of innocent, which I get, but I was like, okay, whatever. Yeah. So she let me down, so that was a big letdown in this life, because Dr. Matis had always been an ally and a mentor, and she just. I don't know. She didn't support me when I was there. She didn't mentor me. She was like, ooh, who does your dreads? They look so good. Can you send me her number? And I was like, Dus. So I sent her the number. She's like, yeah, I think I'm going to get locks. And then she would be like, oh, everyone said your outfit was so cute Friday. And I'm like, yeah, but what about I don't need you to be like, I don't need a friend. Yeah. We're not friends. You've been my mentor, you know, since I was, you know, I junior in college. What are you doing? Like, she was weird and when she became the head of the department, you know, Dr. We, everybody left. She's no fun. Well, that's too bad. Well, maybe it's, you know, it was it was a good first season season and It was good for a season. It was cool. It was It's my dream job. It's just wrong timing. Yeah. Well, do you feel like the moms to go is something that, like you want. Is that something you want to focus on? Like if I'm I'm. Yeah, to go is a brand. Mom to go is who I am. Like, mom to go is the mom on the go. And that's my identity. My boys are my life, whatever they need. I''re spool rotten. They're spool rotten. They're smart. We pour into them. We're training them up. We pour into them every bit that we have have because we don't have a whole lot of money, but we have a whole lot of love, knowledge, and time for them, and that's what we give them.. They get our full attention, oh yeah, and that's a big part of why I'm an entrepreneur so I can go with them and be involved. Yeah. Yeah, so do you get that flexibility of managing your own schedule and stuff like that? Yeah. Yeah. Yep. And I just push, you know, mom to go. I have big dreams for mom to go. The recipe book is the stepping stone. I want, you know, like Martha Stewart, and Ina Garden and like Walmart and Target. I want mom to go to have its own brand. I love that. E brands and table wear and cutlery and plets. hot pink, hot pink, hot pink, everything hot pink. Yeah, I love it. That's so you. Yeah. Yes, that's what I want, you know. I want to be a millionaire, Matt. Mm. I'll hear you. Oh, my God, amen. I'm so tired of. Yes. I did 20 years of the other way, and it's like,, I'm done with that. Yeah, I'm good. Hey, I'm. I' tired of being bored. I. I'm good. at penny pinch for a It's great. I told God, now it's my season, I need. Lord, I've lost, I've lost, I lost. It's time for the yes season, and I'm deciding that mom to go is my bread and butter and it's something that I think can be passed down from generation to generation. I think it's something that is long lasting. And same with the music box. I think the music box the business model, the way I have it written, my kids can open one or two or three. They can pass it down to their kids. It can be open anywhere you are. And the man you want to do it is right here. Yeah, yeah, that's so cool. Yeah. Well, I have a couple questions about the moms ago and they may be corny, but yeah, just like, what do you cook that that people like, love or things that you, whether it's like your delivery or the thing I notice you're're selling stuff at Old Noble? Are you still doing that? Sometimes. Yeah, right now I've taken a hiatus, so I've shifted from like cooking for people. And I've shifted into, let me show you how to make this at home. Yeah. Okay. So I want. So for me, my contribution, and then I also have mom guilt too, because someday, I mean, I'm busy 90% of the time, but, you know, I try to cook dinner. Um. Because I think that's a lost art. Yeah, for sure. Everyone is so busy. Everyone's, like, doing their own things. So I'm trying to show moms, once a week, let's find a time and let's cook something. Let's plan it. Let's make it easy and click. We don't got a slave over this stove, but let's make something delicious, that's fun. We're not going out. It's not McDonald's, it's not burger candy... It's not expensive, you know, I' showing So basically I have a cook class on Wednesdays and if you want to be in class, you just comment me and then I send you the grocery list. So I do all the hard work for you. You don't even have to try to guess. I send you the grocery list and you go get it and then boom. Yeah, I love that. That's so great. So you've shifted from preparing the meals to teaching people and empowering them.. And I'm shifting more like catering, like I took over West Gardens kitchening the other day. Oh, wow. Yes, that was epic. So that was like a one-off thing or is something you plan on doing? occasionally? I think might do it once a month or so. So that was really fun. Yeah, you wanted to have really well. I have you said that really. I've seen that. Yeah. The jerk chicken that everybody goes crazy for. It's the way we prepare it, it's so delicious. Yeah, that's awesome. Now it's good, it's authentic. It's made with love and a little bit of salty, olive oil, the lemon juice, then it's chopped up and it's tender and it's everybody's so flavorful with a little hint of the kink of jerk. And so when you're eating it with a Caesar salad or nachos or oh, it's just. We got to try that. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, I have to get your recipe book. Yeah, I will feed you, let me feed you. I love to do knows, you know, and that was a part of the postpartum anxiety as well. You know, I never really cooked before. I was never really good at cooking. actually, I grew up vegetarian. Oh, yeah. So I kind of remember that. Yeah. So cook him like, stuffed portob mushroom with salad, and he'd be like, okay, that was good, but what is the... Where is the beef? be like, that was I'm gonna run McBur King, I' like that. And I was like, dn, that was so good, though. so filly. He like, is it? You know, and I started to like, kind of learn little tricks in the tray. Like, my friend Kiana was like, let me show you how to make some, like, fried chicken. I was like, I've never even, I don't even think I had really, yeah, no. And so she was showing me that and then I kind of try to learn how to make sloppy jes. They're too salty, and that was one of the things I salt everything. Oh, it's too salty. So you've learned. And. So I kind of like, after having Kingston and just making him little things, and then just like growing up, I was like, you know, my parents are really good cooks. I should be able to. So I started exploring a little bit more, but that wasn't part of my healing as well, because, you know, mentally, I didn't think I could stand up for a long time, so I didn't stand often after acting, and I was very sedentary. I sat a lot and. Well, you know. That's awesome that you've overcome, though. I mean, I see you playing football and you're very active. Tennis, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know, I know, I. That's so great. I't that's another thing. When you go through that, you don't take one day for granted. Yeah. You know, because I lost a lot of it those days. You know, I look back and go, man, I was so sick and I don't think many people knew. And, you know, I was alone in it too, because Steve still had to go back to work eventually, and what he did was he would just not lock me in a room upstairs, but put me in the room upstairs and everything we needed. Because I couldn't really, in my mind, I couldn't walk.. I was weak. I was just so weak. And so Ton would be in there craw around and I'd be on that bed. Everything we needed in his nursery and I'd be laying in there, and I'd try to. I had to go potty. It was right there, get up and try to go bring him in there with me. You know, it was just, thank you, God, for the fact that we have survived 100% of our worst days. That's what I said. Yeah, Lord Jesus. We have survived. We have survived and I always say, thank you, God. We are doing it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. So I still listen to you know, and I' listened to a lot, I listen to our podcasts every day, I do meditation every day. I listen toirmations. It takes a lot. to be and to be an entrepreneur, honestly. old. Like when reached out, like I didn't even know that people even know that like, honestly, I don't even, I don't know. I never even realized people notice me. Oh, you're doing great. I mean, you're so, like, visible and you do a really good job of putting yourself, you know, out there. Wow. That is the biggest compliment, because I I often am like, like, I don't think I'm doing a good job. Well, you work really hard on it, I can tell. I know it takes a lot of work. It does. I keep and then even my best friend, Kiana, sometimes I just matter, I just, it's got to be the music major in me. I just minimize myself still, like, you know. Yeah, yeah. Well, it's a struggle. Okay. It is, and it stems back to college and I have to look back at that. I told Steve, I wish, I tell my kids this too. I didn't steal so much power into them. And I wish I could have told more people when I was going through college. Pam Haley and E Stephanie were awful to me. They were so horrible.. They ruined my college experience, and I'm upset that I ever allowed people to do that.. There's there's a group of them. was a group and they would do the they would try.. You want to go Pirates of Penzance. I don't know if you remember that. Oh my God. How can we know it? And they tried to do everything everything to sabotage, even on stage. And I won't get into, like, but after that, Pam graduated, she called her. She was like, guys, yeah, I led her to call me 'cause they acted like they weren't doing anything to me. They pretended, and they were I thought I was going.. I were inward, I was just like, these bitches. They look so nice, you know, and that's a part of the thing, you know, Matt, being a black female. Well, being a black female, we always get seem to be, like, maybe we're mean or we're rude or we're, um, you know, because we just don't. Yeah, but they look so innocent and pretty and skinny and white and so they're not mean. They can't be being mean to Gene. Look at Gene. She's a big black girl. She's fine. And that's how I felt. And Stephen knew, oh, I came home, I was frustrated, and I would get all these roles, and they would just dog me. He's just Dr. White's favorite. And look them back, no, I was just good.. Man, I wish I knew that I was good. I wish I hadn knew that. Yeah. When I look back, there's. There's clearly so much more, you know, to you than that. Yeah, it just. What people say. Yeah, but I just. Yes, yeah. And I was like, man, what if they would have just embraced me? You know, I might have gone. It's okay. But why did I need their validation? Why? Because I was insecure? I was a college, you know, college student. I was just, I don't know. But I look back and I saw them post a picture, and I, it was triggering. I was like, oh, trig up the meanest people that I know. That's so funny. And everyone's like, hey, girls, y'all look so good. And anyways, Pam did call me that summer and she was like crying.. Her dog had died or something and she was like, God had led her to call me to apologize because she hadn't been godlike or Christianl to me. And I was like, oh, thank you. Well. But it went on for so long, you know, all the rudeness and the the eye rolling every time I would get a roll. And then the fact that like Dr. Corbin would be like, I can't give you these solos. And the fact that Dr. White was like, you can't audition for Pirates of Heads. Right. Did you know that? No. Why? Yes. He told Dr. Armstrong'cause everybody, they complained.. That I was getting too many, like she's been the lead every opera. It's ridiculous. Yeah. They they reported it. Said that that was Dr. W's favorite. They put in a complaint. Oh All of them did. Oh, gosh. Wow. Mm hmm. Yeah, so Dr. Kornell told me to. I auditioned. There was a solo I wanted so bad, but she was like, I'm gonna give it to someone else because you've had Gene, you've had everything. But I was like, this is now looking back, though, this isn't kindergarten, you know, and it was just frustrating because I guess parents were saying that they're paying for college, too, and why can't their kid get enrolled? But I mean, what did that have to do with that? So that has carried with me in my. Yeah. And, you know, those little things you wouldn't think would have an effected it. It hadn't a trafecto on how I moved through life. So now at 40, I'm 41, I've decided that, well, I'm just not going to minimize myself and I'm just not going to let my success have to do with what anyone else has to say. Yeah, yeah, I've heard somebody say recently on a podcast they said you really have to choose yourself like you have to. Because no one. 20 years ago, I could have chosen myself. I wished you know, Dr. White when I got Pirates of Penzance and he was like you know, he was just like, you're just not my choice physically or, like, visually for this. You really, I really needed a, like, brunette and a thinner person. He told me that. What? But he was like, nobody could sing it, though, like you, so there's that. And I was like, I went, I left and I, I went to Steven, I went home, I sobbed. So even though I got the lead role, he was always backbiting me. Like, that's another part, Dr. White. I would like to send him a letter about the obese over the years from him that he needs to know that he could have made such a good impact on my life, but instead, he nitpicked me so bad. Like, if people only knew'cause they were like, you' his favorite. I' like no, no, I'm really not his favorite. Vocally, I am. They couldn't deny my talent, but he didn't like my look, he didn't like my body, but you know what, Matt, who gives a what? Yeah.. What grown man, how nasty. And he was just nasty. And even when I started teaching there, he was nasty. He was like, "Hey, Jean, I love your skirt. So beautiful. Ew. Not congratulations. Wow, I always knew you were going to do big things. I'm so proud to see you here. What? And he said it in front of my students. Your skar is so pretty. Yeah. seems patronizing. Yeah. What? Not like, wow, look at you're my colleague now like, no. Yeah. And so that's the problem. And Dr. White, was horrible to me when I was there. Horrible. He came and talked down to me in front of my students, and it got reported, not even by me, but by some of the other professors that were in there. They reported him for talking down to me. Oh, yeah, he quit. Were you. So anyways, I say all that to say, I wish you guys could have known what I was going through, I could have used so much support. I could have Jason Wright tried. Isaac tried. Trod tried, but you know, they were just like, honeyon, just signal right me know, but it was hard. It was just like, man. Yeah, yeah, and they were just, and then they would tell, then they would get the whole on because they'd start telling, you know, and then it'd be my time to sing and you could hear them alwayspering. The whole time that I'm singing my solo. I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm sorry. That's. That's shitty. Yeah, it's really shitty. And when I saw their picture the other day, I was like, look at these shitty bitches. That's exactly what.. And I thought I should write them. And I was like, "You know what, though? None of them... are doing what they love. And I don't mean to laugh. They've They've all had a tough life. Pam never got a teaching job. She applied a thousand times. She never got one. Yeah. She can't play the piano, and I told them that before, you better learn. They hated all those class people pianos, they didn't pass them, they don't care. Well, you're not going to get a teaching job. And she never, she never got one. And then a Stephanie never got her music education degree, that she's teaching at a little middle school C.E. Hannah, and I hear the worst things about her.. Well, they like her. I like Eric. Something about, I don't know how they know Eric. But they're like, yeah, her husband, we think, just rubs off on her. And I'm like, how do y'all know her? Like, at the country club, some of my students, some of my friends go there and they're like, do you know what's Wilccox? I was like, oh, do I? We used to be best friends in college. We used to do all the opera. They were like, really? They're like, she's sweet, but I just, and then she's just forceful, you know. She doesn't have a music education degree, so it's all about opera and they don't want to, you know, these kids don't want to do that. So that complaint comes and then who else, hey, Haley's like teaching seventh grade or something weird? And then Whitney Wolf, and all of it, I just say, all of that has fear fueled me to be like, "You know what? Just be the best person you can be. Be kind to everyone. I have friends from all walks of life, try to be kind to every person I mean.. Every person I meet. And, um.. I had to be really strong in ways that people couldn't have appreciated myself in included. Yeah. Well, it's okay. And you didn't know. And I used to think you and I used to love y'all. Y'all are like my favorite people. And then I think you went kind of the Christian route instead of the performance route. And I was like, uh, like to me, you were the best, like, even to this day, sorry, Matt, your name gets brought up in my studio at least once a week. I have these two basses and I'm like, yeah, Matt Hedley is the best bass that I've ever known, but what made it so excellent you got got to bring the sound forward. I've got two Bo profundos, like, like you, like, I'm not I was like, the only person I've ever heard seen this low is not heav. You know, I like, you're the legend, you're the min. You know, you're the legend. You're kind. Oh, no. Well, I mean, that's the truth, though. I had always thought incredibly highly of you, always. And so when I saw you on the street that day, Ooh! Yeah, it's been a weird couple of years. That was a tough one. I think you kind of just looked at me. I was like, hey, Matt, and you just like looked at me and it like, I think I wrote you that. Yeah, yeah, I think you did. I think you did. I did I didn't, man, that's. Well, it just. It was just the iceberg. Yeah, yeah, I get. I get it now that you tell me that. But you know, from all the stuff from JSU and all the things I had gone through with JSU and I thought, oh boy, what is? You don't like me anymore? You know, that's where I was stay up. I'm sorry. No, yeah, I was miserable. You never know what people are going through. That's it. That's it. That's the moral of this life. Right. Yeah. You don't know what people are going through. So just be kind. Right. That's it. Don't take it personal. You know, check in and check in with people. Why are we so too good to check in now? You know, people are they're so important now. People are they take themselves so seriously. So like, everybody, like Stephen's like, you just give your all my friends are like, you give your phone number. I do. Everybody's got my phone. Yes, I do. I talk to I make friends with the cashiers. Yes, I do. They ever need anything. Yes, I do. And I get proud of them. Steve laughed at me the other day, this guy from Publix, I was going through his line last year, and he was talking to me and I was like, oh, my God, are you Britain? She's like, yes, my dad isn't. And he's black, you know I said, ohh, my mom is from England. And he's like, whoop!" So we start talking. And it's like, I go to J. I was like, "Oh, I graduated from JAC. So anyway, I saw him. And so we added me on Facebook and everything and I saw him at my boy school doing his practic come. And I said, look at you. I don't even know, but I was so proud.. He was like, yeah, I just make So that's what Steve, that's the hilarity. I make best friends with the cat lady, the cashier, you know, whatever. Yeah. We just all are in this, because who, you know, I've been on the ground. I've been sick. I've been anxious. I've been in a panic, in a ball on the ground. Who am I? You know, I'm here to wash your feet. just like people have washed my feet. You know, that's what God calls from us. Yeah. Yeah. And some people, you know, they're so Christian, they're so Christian, but you wouldn't wash Jesus' feet. You wouldn't wash my feet. You know what I mean? Like, if you really think about bringing it down to the ground on the floor, dirty. Yeah, yeah. You know. Yeah, we're all doing the best we can. Well, clearly, you've been through, I mean, more than, you know, anybody can appreciate. And that's fortunately, that's the story. A lot of us find ourselves living, but is there a point that you just felt like you, you know, with the moms to go that you felt like you just just not like not doing this? Oh, yeah. Have I ever felt like not doing mom to go? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, I felt So just like with everything I do, there's always eyes that just some people just can't help themselves. So I came up with mom to go, and you won't believe I was permitted, I did all the things, had all the money, have a commonissary, and somebody still reports me to the health department. She's not legal. And they have to let me know every time somebody complains. And the first time I put myself in Old Noble, someone took a picture and was like, "Mom to go is not legal. And this is not fair. If she could put her stuff in here, then I want to put stuff in there. And then turns out that I was legal, but the picture of the person above me, Rosie's to go, who's been out for 20 years, they weren't legal. Really? Rosie's there. They used to have the restaurant over there in Golden Spring? Yes! Yes! Because they sold their stuff at the farmer's market with us when we were there. I mean, they had been there a long time. Wow. Illegal. What was the fertification or license you had to have? You have you have a commissary kitchen that has to have been inspected. You have to have your food manager's certification, which is a big desk, like aspen proctored. You have to have your permit, which costs plenty of money. You have to and you have to have it updated like every six months, you have to have inspection every six months. You have to have everything labeled. I mean, it's like ridiculous. And she had her chick sal though. They weren't even labeled. Oh, my gosh, yeah. So the health department and shut down and she's been shut down ever. I was legal. And so people kept turning me in. She's cooking from home. She's doing this. That's not fair. And they're like, she hasn't. And, you know, and people were like, she doesn't have a commissary. Just crazy. So that made me say, you know, my goodness. Baseless. If I have to, you know, if I have to get a report every week, I mean, that's not worth it to me. And so, yeah, I've had moments of like, golly, I have to go through this. This is supposed to be my bread and butter. This is supposed to be a love language. For me, cooking is a love language. Anyone who knows if they're going through anything, I'm always cooking, dropping food off, making food, inviting people over to eat., food is a huge part of my healing and of my life and of my joy. I'm a foodie, meaning that it can be used to heal. It can be used for friendship. I used it for comfort for my boys. They've had a long week. They've had a long day or it's Monday and lunch was horrible. They know they're going to come home and mommy's got something scrumptious because cooking. You know, I love them to walk in and smell something baking or it's just nostalgic. I don't know. Yeah. You know, and people have such, they', what do you call it? Not criminalized food. What do you call it? Villanized? Villized. Villainized food. Food is fuel now. Yeah, yeah, commodized or whatever it is. Yeah. Food is fuel, and I'm like, yes, it is Yeah. It is, you know, because I've got a lot of moms that are like, why do you go home and you cook? Why are you making all that? You don't have to do all that. They can eat the peanut butter and jelly and go to bed. Oh, my God, no, but, you know, no. I've got days where that, you know, when you're not, you know, back back in the day and you're not well, but, you know, we're well and we can do it, let's do it. Yeah, yeah. You know? And so. Yeah. I've Heather working now. I I'm getting more in the kitchen. I I'll have to get your cookbook because I need. I'm stuck in a rut. I'm been doing it for a couple months. I'all? You guys inspired me, too. I watched y's.'all on a YouTubeyl. Oh, yeah, yeah, we did it. Heather was doing the Whole Foods thing. Yeah, for a while. That was fun. She was really good at that. I loved that. I was like, God, you guys are so. I used to be like, they's so much better than me. Look how helly they're eating. You guys were like, really healthy food. And I was like, wow. That was Heather trying to get her herself well. She didn't She didn't realize she was dealing at the endometriosis at that point, but she was having all kinds of health problems, that doctors were just disregarding or dismissing her about. And that's where the food piece became such a big deal for us for a long time... Is that crazy food is heal? Right? heal? Yes, for sure. I agree with that because, I mean, wow. And then with her endometriosis, did she have her, she had a big big surgery? Yeah, yeah. And how, how did that take a toll? Yeah, I mean, it was tough, you know? It was super invasive. I had to get this guy in Atlanta that was like a a world class because all these all these, what do you call them? The doctors, the women's health doctors. obstetricians.? Yeah, they were all like gaslighting here, telling her, you know, that there's nothing wrong with her. And this woman woman, you know, just told her that, and then she gets the ultrasound, they find these three masses the size of softballs in there. And she's like, why didn't you let it go this long without taking care of it? And this is after 10 years of OBG Bence telling her, you know, there's nothing wrong with her. Wow. it was insane. But, but yeah, she's better now, and she's strong and so, yeah, you just don't know what's going on behind the scenes, you know, like you said. Yeah, and you just don't know what this life is going to hand you either. Yeah, you know, for sure. For sure. I know why I'm like, man,, you got, you have one life, live it to the fullest. Yeah. Do all of the things. I still have more things I want to do. Yeah. That sounds like it. You got big plans. You got big plans. I'm, I went back to, I gotten into the doctorate program at. Oh, my God. Wow. What's going on there? I about three years ago? Wow. Hold on. Yeah. What's your focus? Oh, I've I quit. Okay. Well, you know You're like cheating, please, I No, that's awesome. Like, I thought about it myself, but I'm not in that I'm not in that path. anymore. But, yeah, is the doctor of education. Sweet. Yeah. Yeah. And, um Did you just realize you didn't need that? credential? No. I think I just.. They were so, um.. They were just... I was like the third cohort. Oh, yeah. and the workload was the insane. Yeah. Yeah. They won't It was just insane. They wanted like 10 page responses to every question. They wanted 120 pages read at every, for just one. I was on the group. I would be in my office just night in, day out, just, just Oh my gosh. I mean, day in day just trying, I always had a mental breakdown. Bless you. It was the dumbest. We're of two businesses at the same time. Yeah, and then I was this was about three, I'm trying to find my acceptance letter. Hold on. I literally.. I had to do I had to apply. And anyways, it was What a trip. It just was not for.. They said it was for the working mom. It just was not. It doesn't sound like. It just was, okay. It was for, I don't know, for older, but I don't know, it wasn't for me because they wanted you to be in the. It was just a lot of work that. Like, I can't explain it to you that I was reading that they were expecting. I'm like, you can't expect a working adult to read like 400 pages on a Monday night. Like where and I have kids, so when am I supposed to do that? Like, it wasn't, and I could just probably, I was probably in the wrong field. It was just education, it was a EDD, a doctorate of education. Okay. Yeah. Well, well, I. Yeah, but I mean, when I got in and I did. Yeah, that didn't surprise me. Three semesters, so that surprised me. I was surprised that I got in. Yeah, because they only accept like for a semester or something like that. Um And you have to write a big Here it is. God, these writing problems. Oh, EFD 702, let's give giving me high blood pressure. I'm looking at this what I wrote, and this is before I knew about CGPT. This is in 2023. Let's see. Golly. What you writing? So I really needed to go into a doctorate of I really to go for vocal performance. is really what I needed to have done. I don't I don't think I needed to go into education. That's so boring. It was born boring. Oh, it's just book work. And we're not used to, you know, just not used to just book work. That's all it was. I was like, what? No creativity, just book work. Read about how Stanford and all of these, you know, colleges started and oh, I' just like, wow. You got a lot on your plate. Well, I'm an artist. I'm more artsy than that. I just need more I need more to life than that. Anyways, but yeah, I did it so while, but I was proud that I got in, you know? Yeah, for sure. But it about kill me, without killing me. So I'm learning what I what I can and what I can't do. But anyways, so yeah, we've been times where I wanted to, not many and not deeply, but like a moment of mom to go. It's this I'm so l you said, so visible, so people can just say anything. And then I had to remind myself, Gene, we just cannot get, like, wrapped up in what other people think. Let them, yes. They focused, have to stay true to the goal. Like, and the goal is to be a brand. So you're going to have to have some, you know, public... What do you call it? Some public awareness, but yeah, no, I love mom to go. Mom to go is sweet. Yeah, yeah, that is. I mean, coming from the heart of Vietnam mom and the hospitality and the, you know, community of cooking. That's awesome. Yeah. Well, you've got like hundreds of people on your Facebook. Like how you don't have a website that's going to look like, how do people find you? I do have a website. I tell you, I do book. I didn't pay the. You do what? Did't pay the monthly fee. Let me text to my friend who helps me and tell her to read, hey, can you? Okay. Reinstate. That's out. busy open. Mm hmm. Okay. I do have one, but I mean it's not. It's a nice one. I'll get her to reinstate it so I can at least add it for you. Oh, yeah, that'd be great. So tell me what you're doing. So you're writing, you're just starting your own your own site or your own your own vlogs or blogs, because you're really good at that too. You've always done, I have followed you all the out in the wilderness, all of that. Yeah. Well, writing, it feels like the right thing for me right now for a couple different reasons, but it's it's partly Passion Project. Like I mentioned earlier, it's partly like trying to resist the temptation to just disappear. After all that we went through is really, you know, it was really tough and embarrassing and just hard. Oh, that word. Matt, I have felt that deeply embarrassing. I used to say that too, when I was sick after Kingston. It was so embarrassing. Yeah. I mean, I that's been really tough. So the website for the writing is like a side project. It's also something, you know, that I'm doing as a way to, frankly, like help support my new business that I'm starting with the web design and marketing, like digital marketing, SEO and stuff like that. This is what I need to do to have a flexibility I need as a parent and just as a person that's healing. So I've stepped away from 20 years of ministry. That's all I've ever done. And spent months trying to apply for jobs and just not like, yeah, not making any kind of traction. So the web design is something I've always done for like my churches and for the flower farm and it's something I enjoyed and realized I was good at. So that's, that's the piece that is, you know, I'm building and just getting started. And the writing is like a kind of synergistic at least that's of my intention, is to build community and hold up business owners to lift them up and celebrate like the resilience and the hard work and to learn from them and also like to, you know, just generate goodwill. And hopefully that, you know, that'll, when you give, you gain something they say is really nice. So I'm hoping that as I give and can, you know, lift up people and celebrate them that people would be more eager to refer me if they know somebody that needs a website or help with SEO or marketing. Yes. Well, I will, well, that's great to know. I will be happy to help you in referring you to clients. You know, I do a little bit of that as well. The website and marketing with TMB. Yeah.. TMB me. What is that? Stoned. I've started in a talent agency. I've had it. So I've had TMB consulting. It's just an extendedension of the music box, which is I book bands and musicians. Oh, wow. Yeah, I've done that for years. So like water, I book their bands, through the contracts, Lush Garden, Sinclair, I helped in. That's awesome.. And I represent artists, like Barrett Hayes. He was on The Voice. Wow. Yeah, so I've represented him since he's 19. He's 24 now. And so I get him tons of shows, gigs, and just get them out to the public helping the TikToks and stuff like that. Right now, I'm helping William Santasi going out for governor. Wow. His nephews are like, really good friends at my son's. It's so funny. And he's like he's going Republican. I'm not a Republican. Sorry, Mad. Don't. Don't put that in the paper. Sorry. No, I won't. I'll send you what I'm going to put, you know, you'll get to see it before anybody does, of course. Okay, good. Well, I do. I love what you're doing. Did you know that Judy Cole has pop baller? No, I did not know that. I've not, I don't know. I've been around Judy, been in her orbit, but I haven't really, you know, caught up with that. We did a show together. I was pregnant with Kingston or Maverickrick. Who was I pregnant with? Either Kingston or Maverick. I can't even remember. But, um, yeah... Yeah. We did a show with, what was his name? Oh, my gosh. I can't remember Jack. Bro, Eric Trainnor. Oh, wow. Trainer. I hadn't heard of his name in a wall. Yes, I know. We did a show a Christmas show with him.. He put together, and we had all these rehearsals at his house. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. And I got found out like, toward the end of we've been rehearsing for a couple weeks, and then, like, the week before the show, I think I found I was pregnant, I was like, dang it. No, it's not it. Nothing must be Maverick. It must have been Maverick. Not dang it, but just like, oh, my gosh. I think we thought it was gonna take a year and it it could take, what, three months. Yeah, Judy has she has like the severe bipolar. Like, um. and she kind of had to tell me that because anyways, I saw her doing something one night in a car. at the bar.. Where else good. Yeah, it's. And she wrote and you was like, please don't tell me, you know, and we talked a lot about it. I don't know if that's a part of gang bopolar, but... Well, it's I mean, yeah. I know that she does have, she used to have severe in college, she had severe mood swings. She I was more on the, you could tell that she did. And even, you know, um, so.. Yeah. Oh, I didn't know that. But, yeah, it's, I mean, I appreciate you, you know, of course I'll keep that in confidence, but I's, uh, it's wild. That's wild. Yeah, it. It hit me, you know, at 41 years old, I got diagnosed. So But I was manic. We were running the flower farm. I doubled down. I was having a great time and then realized like that mania is basically what wrecked us, lost the ministry, quit abruptly. after 20 years of that being my, you know, bread and butter only thing that I did. And the bipolar just like, shit hit the fan. But, you know, you rebuild, you rebuild, and that's what I'm doing, and I appreciate you being so open and honest with me. I'll do my best to do justice here. I'll send it to you. you know, when I get a draft together. I really appreciate you sharing sharing, though, and taking the time. I know you're super busy. Hey, absolutely. I want us all to we all need to go to lunch sometime and and catch up. We's get Jason and you. Let's's have some projects going. You know, I tried to write in that group. I'm trying to get a project going with all of us. I still think we were the top Judy, you, me, and Jason. I think we need to do something. I don't know why. I think that's the problem. I'm going to drag me out. My hermitage. I One of these days, I don't need to let that die, but I appreciate that. And it does encourage me and it makes me happy when I see you post about stuff like that. But I just. Yeah. Anyway. Well, thank you for thinking of me. I mean, I'm honored and, you know, I'm just out here like, everyone else, just trying to make an impact. I want to leave a footprint. Yeah, you are. No doubt. No doubt. Thank you. Well, I'll get this to you. Hopefully in the next week or so, I'll have it, you know, a giraffe together and I'll send it to you and you can.. I answered your questions. I've just been talkingitely.. Definitely. Yeah, no, it's so good. So good to catch up with you. Okay. All right, Matt. Well, please tell Heather. hi. I will. She hasn't. She looks so good. Oh. When you posted that, I was going to look at that. You're beautiful too. We're all 40. We're all in our 40s now, but we're doing great. Do you believe it? Oh, my gosh. We were just babies. And I just read something to you. But you know, I saw that something about college. You know, of course, there were still just great glory moments, of course. Yeah, that was fun. time. And I have to think back, I sang the hell out of poor wandering ones. I love it. I wish I could find a recording because every time I did it, I mean, people were outside like you are in a man. And I wish I could do it. I wish I could hear them. I have the DVD somewhere. I know my kids have seen it, so I will try to dig that up. We're still. No, if you ever find it. Yeah. All right, Matt. We'll take care. You too. Tell Stephen hello and bless bless you guys. Okay. Love to you all. Bye. Bye.